<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    
        Departure.On Queen Elizabeth. At Noon, July 18, 1955.
        
        
             Harriet had stayed in Greenwich over night so went in 
             town with us. Wm drove the station wagon with our 
             bags.Very cleverlym selected as we had two suiuit 
             cases each and a "bottle bag and the typewriter-plus 
             a very unhealthy looking green duffle bag (reserved for 
             purchases. THIS folded up on thebbottem of a suit case 
             for future use!
        
        
             State room gay with flowers and champagne. We had 
             a send off party. Billy was hiding behind a curtain 
             and was a HUGE surprise ' Carlyl had arranged it this way 
             Gail's mother and a friend- Dale and Kissy got to the 
             dock just after 10.30 and were not allowed to come on 
             board. Too bad.
        
        
             Huge ship. Like a section of the Waldorf- the 
             Peacock Alley plus several of the dining rooms- afloat 
             Streams of PEOPLE mu ing about.
        
        
             We had a table in the dining room with 5 other femal 
             ladies. Thought it would divert us. The one man looked 
             us over and next meal he wasn't there. So we dr4ewano 
             another lady. It all proved to be amusing. We exchange 
             addresses and werephotographed to-gether.
        
        
             Voyage very smooth all way over. We took in the 
             movies and pools. I won a few dollars on a pool.
        
        
             A Mr and Mrs Andeson, very nice friends of H. 
             and Caryls asked us for cocktails one evening. Then 
             there were the parties of the Captain and the Purser 
             Also Esther Boyer was on board with a party of eight 
             in cabin class, she was to steer about over Europe. 
             She came upand had tea with us one day.
        
        
             The Captain and Purser both were on the Franconia 
             about  years ago- as under officers- on a world 
             cruise wer  were on. Both extremely cordial.
        
        
             Took train around noon for Paris. Hot as blazes. 
             and stuffy besides. Had lunch en route.Quite good.
        
        
             Parid and piled our belongings into a cab and 
             landed at Le Br istol- a rather smallish hotel were 
             diplomats go- white marble and mirrors. We had an oval 
             white panneled bedroom and an adjo9ning white panelled 
             round sitting room. (which we didn't need and later gave
             up.)
        
        
             Very weary and after some refreshing 
             tub baths went over to the Crenailliere(nearby) where 
             we had a very delicious dinner.
        
    
