<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
   
       Wednesday, July 20th. LEAVING PARIS FOR SEVERAL DAYS IN THE COUNTRY-
    
    
        
            Breakfast in our round white sitting room. Very smartly
            we packed into ONE suit case, leaving all the rest at Le
            Bristol for our return from the country a\few days later.
            Took the noisy little morning train for Tours-about
            2 i/2 hours. We could see several hge chateaux up on THE
            hillsides. Ambroise for one. Just before we reached Tours.
            Mr Dickinson met us. AT- His father was Jo Davidson the famous
             sculptor- and the Davidsons live in the old farm manor-
            house that was his.. We drove to Brech^eron their farm, where
            we had a very substantial lunch- as Mrs. D explained we
            would need it as we had a busy afternoon before us. Sorrel
            soup, steak and a salad. We had a pleAsant room on the
            ground floor a tiny dressing room and a HUGE bath room
            with a tub  large enough for a baby elephant!
        
        
        AT MANOIRBERCHERON
        
        
            After breakfastLUNCHEON we started out with Jack Davidson
            in his cosy little car for the "afternoon tour".
        
        
        
            Went first to Chenoceaux- this chateau we went
            inside of. Lofty hall and rooms with paintings of
            people belonging to the various families connected wi h
            the chateau, many years ago. One of the interesting
             parts of tis particular mansion was the covered bridge
            fRom the fuRther end of the building to the shore on the
            other side. This was built up over the river by a series
            0of arches. An important buildin g was to have been
             errected on the further side of the river connected with
            the bridge. It reminded us of the bridge in Florenc
            e-Ponte Vecchio.
        
        
        
        
             From here we drove thro the lovely river valleys
             and above. Three of these rivers.AMbroise we saw from below
             The round tower from the river side was the
             one the riders went up to the stables- on  a ramp insiDe
              the huge tower. The large tower on the other side was
             that used by royalty ,etc;carriages went in this one
             up to an important court. We went inside the parts of
             the castle-absolutely bare rooms- being repaired
             IN the church and a tomb. Saw a chateau or two and
             various churches outide. Then visited Sache, Balkac
             old home- now a museum. An interestint rather tall
             building- not especially large. The medium sized living
        
    
        
        
        
        
             was furnished exactly as Balzak left it. Wall paper in
             imatation of heavy folds of materiaL with borDers and
             rosetters in a mustard shade. Ratyer gay floWER chitz
             on the chairs and sofa. The view from all the windows very
             lovely.The floor above was his bedroom. A|very small bed
             fitted into an alcove.(such a steep narrow stairway
             to get up to this room) Across the l little hall was father
             a spacious room which/contained a large collection of
             Jo Davidson's work. Almost entirely busts of famous
             people. A life size figure of Gertrude Stien. The busts
             were all arranged on tall swuare pedestals of varying
             The likeness being startlingly fine. We could seee from
             these high windows far over the beautiful rolling hi
             country-and over the tiny villages scattered over the
             fieLDs. Supper Mrs Davidson explained was a very light
             meal - it was excellent Sorrell soup Soufleeland a
             saldd.   In the evenong we went with Jack to see the
             "illumanation" A little way down the roAd at the chateau
             Azay d'Rideau. A heavenly place surrounded by a moat
             filled with water(as it should be!) It was then quite
             dark. People sat about in the ground on rugs- some
             walked about. Beautiful music and a story of a tragic
             happening iN the castle (many years ago) was recited
             from the castly windows. The windows being lit as it
             wouLD ld fit into the story.
        
        
        
             Thursday July 21st,Breakfast in our room. About I
             I0 we started ^with the Davidsons and theirnlittle boy plus
             a picnic. First to a monestry- Loches - the original
             walls enclosing it. Large wheat fields were within the
             enclosure. The buiodings were of the     century. We
             then drove thro' what was teh royal forrest-came to a
             pretty round thached summer house. As it rained a little we ate our excellent lunch at this place.
        
        
        
             Went back to Loche, the chateau and church.Visited
             the tomb of Agnes Sorel. and went thro' many barren rooms
             in the chateau- one of which Joan of Arc was supposed to
             have had her second audience with the King. At this time
             she was said to have selected him from the large gathering
             (she|never having seen him before)     Rained light
             showers.        Then to chinon- where we had tea and
             walked thro the old vallage.This particular town is HELD
             by the government as to building and changes of any
             sort.(Like Chester in England and rRotherburg in Germany)
             In the evening a couple came for over night. We could
             have managed very nicely without HIM. Very noisy and disagreed with everybody and every thing!
        
        
        
             July 22nd. Day of departure.Drove to St. Pierre
             de Clochs just outside of Tour- where we took the II.20
             train fro Paris. Mrs Davidsons' Mother drove over with us.
             Her sister lives in the U.S.A at Hanover. The car
             acted up on the way over- but we got there!!
        
        
        
        
    
          
             Saturday, July 23, 1955 Now we leave for Paris- not very much of a 
             visit but there is much to see in Europe- and many places
             we may never get around to again' However Paris I hope to
             visit agaiN.
          
        
            We left Le Bristol for the AirWAYs a little before 9 and
            stopped enroute at Hermes to collect a scarf-decorated with
            all the famous chateaux of France- a few of which we HAD
            visited during our recent little stay in Tours. This
            scarf a souviener for Gail. Then on to the air port.
            A two-motor plane awaited us (this did not entrane ME)
            Not many passengers. We paid about $6.00over weight- but
            expected this anyway.About 3/4 hour's flight among the
            clouds. A bit bumpy. But we GOT there O.K.
        
        
        
             Mercedes BUcher met us at the Brussels terminal with her
             new grey Ford Sedan. It was good to see her! We always have
             fun. She drove usuto Brussels and thro the lovely parks.
             Landing at the Metropole (where M. alSo lives until her
             apartment\is ready) we wnet up to our rooms. Nothing very
             fancy but quiet. Some flowers arrived from M.G. and Clyde
             and directly After, in they came!They were at the Atlanta
             hotel alMost next door on this busy street. We all / trailed
             over to the GRand Place. Where we had a truly delicious
             meal of steak potoes etc ,on\little table placed out/on the
             sidewalk. This beautiful Place is to me one of the most
             beautiful sigHT have ever seen. It is very large and neatly
             paved with blaocks of stone- as are most of the streets
             in Brussels The distinguished Town Hall(Hotel de Ville)
             occupies practiced the end, facing the lovely group of\Guild houses
             or  Corporation Houses. All around the square are these very
             Beautiful structURes, darkened with age, the carvings and
             cornices etc Decoratee with gold.The facades are sumourount
             by irregular lr roofs topped with emblems of the guilds.
             A baket, a lamP, The|effect at night, whenthe buildings are
             wonderfully l illumanated, is something never to be
             forgotten.
        
        
             WE drove WiTH M. in her cosy grey Ford all thro' the lovely
             parks.Huge tre trees, lakes, pleasant rolling meadows,
             Flowers in MANYspots,we drove past many famous buildings
        
        
       
            Palias de Justice etc. After a rest period we set forth
            again for ouR Beloved Square where we had a delicious
            dinner- so good and so cheap.In a charming little restur n
            approached the a tiny paved ally. IN the Flemish stloSTYLE
            Carved panels,and old Delft plates pewter and all the
            brass most beutifully polished.Le Bon Vondiuex Temps. Be
            SUre to visit this if you go to Brussels!
       
    
    
